UNIFY-328 Update all references to config file (#4093)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/guides/screenshots-and-videos.md

Capturing of screenshots when a test fails can be turned off entirely by setting
[`screenshotOnRunFailure`](/guides/references/configuration#Screenshots) to

> `false` from within your [configuration file](/guides/references/configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`false` from within the [Cypress configuration](/guides/references/configuration)
```
